= git-lfs-smudge(1)

== NAME

git-lfs-smudge - Git smudge filter that converts pointer in blobs to the actual content

== SYNOPSIS

`git lfs smudge` [<path>] +
`git lfs smudge` --skip [<path>]

== DESCRIPTION

Read a Git LFS pointer file from standard input and write the contents
of the corresponding large file to standard output. If needed, download
the file's contents from the Git LFS endpoint. The argument, if
provided, is only used for a progress bar.

When the `lfs.storagecache` configuration option is `false`, the smudge
filter streams data directly from the remote and does not populate the
`.git/lfs/objects` directory.

Smudge is typically run by Git's smudge filter, configured by the
repository's Git attributes.

In your Git configuration or in a `.lfsconfig` file, you may set either
or both of `lfs.fetchinclude` and `lfs.fetchexclude` to comma-separated
lists of paths. If `lfs.fetchinclude` is defined, Git LFS pointer files
will only be replaced with the contents of the corresponding Git LFS
object file if their path matches one in that list, and if
`lfs.fetchexclude` is defined, Git LFS pointer files will only be
replaced with the contents of the corresponding Git LFS object file if
their path does not match one in that list. Paths are matched using
wildcard matching as per gitignore(5). Git LFS pointer files that are
not replaced with the contents of their corresponding object files are
simply copied to standard output without change.

== OPTIONS

Without any options, `git lfs smudge` outputs the raw Git LFS content to
standard output.

`--skip`::
  Skip automatic downloading of objects on clone or pull.
`GIT_LFS_SKIP_SMUDGE`::
  Disables the smudging process. For more, see: git-lfs-config(5).

== KNOWN BUGS

On Windows, Git before 2.34.0 does not handle files in the working tree
larger than 4 gigabytes. Newer versions of Git, as well as Unix
versions, are unaffected.

== SEE ALSO

git-lfs-install(1), gitattributes(5), gitignore(5).

Part of the git-lfs(1) suite.
